we have sat here in the last 5 years
we've watched the biggest ever increase
in millionaire and billionaire wealth in
the history of this planet immediately
followed by a collapse in living
standards of the middle class a complete
collapse in the living the ability of
ordinary people to own assets and
nobody's drawing
the question can you point to a country
in the last century where
socialism has worked I will point to a
country where taxing the rich at a fair
rate led to good living standards for
working people United States 1955
I am trying to stop the redistribution I
am trying to stop the redistribution
that is happening in front of our eyes
the American middle class the British
middle class is dying their wealth is
being sucked away and is being owned by
an International Super Rich Elite who
pay no tax while the people watching
this show pay 40% 50% while billionaires
pay nothing